# Overview
### Our Client
Our client is Ben Mercer, the founder of 66 Days. He has over a decade of experience in professional sport and coached all around the world. His passion is to help others achieve healthier eating habits and attitudes, not by unrealistic diets or moon-shot commitments, but through making many small changes over time. 
### The Domain / Business Sector
In America, the diet industry is worth over 70 billion dollars, which is understandable as over 70% of US adults are overweight.  Like many other sectors, it is being shaken up by new technology; fitness training and calorie tracking apps are having a rise in popularity, although most have an issue with retaining users for longer than several months.
There is a general trend across the industry away from diet plans towards healthy eating. Where diets are restrictive, declaring what foods you should or should not eat, healthy eating is focused on your overall relationship with food, for example eating a balanced and varied diet. Customers are reporting frustration at diet plans that don’t make lasting change, so they are seeking alternatives.
### The Key Problem
Modern diet plans don’t work. In an academic study, 97 percent  of dieters regained everything they lost and then some within three years of starting a diet. We need a method of changing our relationship with food that will last longer than a few months – repeated cycles of gaining and losing weight are not sustainable, not just having a negative impact on mental wellbeing, they also increase risk of strokes and heart attacks .
Ben is developing a 10-week nutrition course which focuses on how to develop long term habits. A key part of this course is holding the user accountable to their decision to take part, ensured through a daily check-up of whether the user has completed their habits. It is imperative that this checklist of habits is as simple as possible to complete, so the user doesn’t lose motivation to continue.
### The Solution
We’re developing an app which will be used at the end of each day to check off the users habits. After several client meetings and iterations of prototypes, we’ve decided on an app design which holds the user accountable to the 66 Days course while giving the user freedom to make it personal to themselves.
The home screen, shown on opening the app, contains a progress chart, encouraging long term use of the app and visualising the effects of compounding. Just beneath that, a list of habits that the user checks off when they’ve completed them. Another screen contains all the course content, unlocked on a week by week basis. After reading certain course posts, the user is prompted to enter their own habit (within a certain theme) which they will commit to for the rest of the course: this encourages taking ownership of the course. 
The solution is flexible and will change over time as we test with users to find what works and doesn’t work. We seek to find a balance between guiding the user and restricting them. 

