## Quantitative Survey for Useability Requirements
Unfortunately we weren’t able to complete product evaluation to the extent we hoped. We talked to friends and family about their experience using the app, then gathered quantitative survey data on its key usability metrics (taken from our design documentation). As the app is focused on nutrition, we often interviewed in kitchens and cafes, helping further discussion with attitudes towards food. As the 66 Days course itself is still under development, Ben was interested to hear and discuss opinions on nutrition in detail. The results from the survey showed that the app had excellent useability, with some disagreement over the overall aesthetic feel. If we were to run the survey again we would change some of the 5 option questions from the format of “Strongly Agree, Agree, …” to “Yes / No” questions, for example “Did the app freeze for 3 second or longer periods?”

A survey like the above is a suitable way of gauging whether we’ve met the user requirements defined in the design documentation. However, a far more important question is asking whether the app actually works - does it help users complete the 66 Days course, to develop good habits surrounding nutrition? As the course lasts 10 weeks, it isn’t possible for us to do a full run through of the course ourselves, although our lead app developer Simon did use a working version of the app daily throughout development. Evaluation of a self improvement product is a difficult task, especially when considering eating habits, which tend to vary considerably with emotions and factors outside our control.

## Agile Iterative Development Combined with Evaluation
Evaluating the website and server was far easier than the app, as we knew the intended user personally (Ben, leader of 66 Days) and we had regular feedback sessions with him throughout this project. These took a far more qualitative form of feedback - taking notes on our OpenProject meetings agenda of things to fix or improve, we were able to later create work packages for the larger pieces of work. Taking the feedback of our evaluation forward, we implemented features such as a dark mode for the app. This iterative evaluation process meant that by the time came for the final release of the website, Ben already knew how it worked and was happy with its functionality.
